Add Veramo Labs to decentralized identity page (#7229)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/decentralized-identity/index.md

- [ERC-725 Alliance on GitHub](https://github.com/erc725alliance) — _Supporters of the ERC725 standard for managing identity on the Ethereum blockchain_
- [SpruceID Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/Sf9tSFzrnt) — _Community for enthusiasts and developers working on Sign-in with Ethereum_

> - [Veramo Labs]([https://discord.com/invite/Sf9tSFzrnt](https://discord.gg/sYBUXpACh4)) — _A community of developers contributing to build the framework for verifiable data for applications_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Veramo Labs](https://discord.com/invite/Sf9tSFzrnt) — _A community of developers contributing to building a framework for verifiable data for applications_
```
